---
title: "Privacy Policy"
date: 2023-07-10T14:47:32+05:30
draft: false
hideMeta: true
---


Effective Date: [07-07-2023]

Thank you for visiting our website. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, and protect your personal information when you interact with our website.

### Information We Collect

When you visit our website, we use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, to collect certain information automatically. This includes:

Your IP address
Device information (such as device type, operating system, and browser)
Geographical location
Website interactions (such as pages visited, time spent on the site, and referral sources)


### How We Use the Collected Information

We use the information collected through Google Analytics to analyze website traffic, understand user behavior, and improve our website's performance and content. This helps us provide a better user experience and deliver relevant and engaging content to our visitors.

### Data Security

We take data security seriously and have implemented appropriate technical and organizational measures to safeguard your personal information. However, please note that no method of transmission over the internet or electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to protect your data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

### Google Analytics

Our website uses Google Analytics to track and analyze website traffic. Google Analytics uses cookies to collect data and generate reports on website usage. The information generated by the cookies about your use of the website is transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States.

Google Analytics anonymizes the IP addresses of website visitors before processing and storing them. This means that the data collected does not personally identify you. However, you can choose to disable or opt-out of Google Analytics tracking by adjusting your browser settings or using browser add-ons.

For more information about how Google Analytics handles the data collected, please refer to [Google's Privacy Policy](https://policies.google.com/privacy).

### Third-Party Links

Our website may contain links to third-party websites. Please note that we are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of those websites. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any third-party sites you visit.

### Updates to the Privacy Policy

We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. Any changes will be posted on this page with a revised "Effective Date" at the top. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any updates.

### Contact Us

If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or our data practices, please contact us at zaarzet@gmail.com .
